ShopEase Mobile App

ShopEase is a mobile app developed by Efdal Yalçın to demonstrate his skills in building a shopping app using Expo React Native. With ShopEase, you can simulate a shopping experience by browsing products, adding items to your cart and favorites, all using a dummy API.

Features
Some of the key features of ShopEase include:
Add items to cart: Once you find a product you like, you can add it to your cart and simulate the checkout process.
Save products: You can save products to your wishlist for later, or to keep track of items you're interested in.
Login and register: You can create an account with ShopEase to save your cart and wishlist across sessions. You can also use dummy API's username "johnd" and password "m38rmF$" to simulate a login process. (Or any other user from https://fakestoreapi.com)

---

Getting Started: 

To get started with ShopEase, you can download the source code from the Github repository and run it on your local machine. The app is built with Expo React Native, so you will need to have the Expo CLI installed on your computer. If you don't have it, you can install it by running the following command in your terminal:

Copy code:
npm install -g expo-cli 
to have the Expo CLI installed.

Then you can install the required dependencies by running the following command in the project directory:

Copy code:
npm install 
Once the dependencies are installed, you can start the app by running the following command:

Copy code:
expo start or npm start 
This will launch the app in your web browser, where you can start simulating a shopping experience.

If you want to run the app on your mobile device, you can download the Expo app from the App Store or Google Play, and scan the QR code generated by the expo start command.

---

Contact
If you have any questions or feedback about ShopEase, you can contact the developer Efdal Yalçın at yalcinefdal@gmail.com
